Add Deploy Mode to usage stats. (#5880)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/data-collection.md

* List of enabled feature flags ([Static] mode only).
* List of enabled integrations ([Static] mode only).
* List of enabled [components][] ([Flow] mode only).

> * Method used to deploy Grafana Agent (docker, helm, rpm, operator, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Method used to deploy Grafana Agent, for example Docker, Helm, RPM, or Operator.
```
